In an effort to make this course shorter,
we've started with a pre‑developed application that we've
actually built in previous courses of mine.
There are two ways to get this code.
You'll need to do one or the other if you want to develop the examples,
as we are in the course.
I have a sample project set up and running in GitHub that you can
fork to your own repo and use source control.
If you don't want to use GitHub because it does add a
little more complexity to the app,
the source code is available in the example files section
under the home page for this course.
The instructions for setting it up there are in the ZIP
file for each module of the course.
Let's walk through forking the project to your own repo now and setting it up locally for your instance.